README.md, before:

# SelectAdulthood

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/iCj5o7O.png)


Some races have life-stages above adulthood, like elderly or ancient. 
This causes issues when using the age-reversal for example as the vanilla logic is to assume that the last life-stage is adulthood.

This mod lets you select what stage is to be considered adulthood for each race if needed.
	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Ds0rBAD.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie]Wishlist or buy me a cup of tea.

https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/VWG0yff.png)


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5xwDG6H.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2600514932]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/SelectAdulthood?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&labelColor=0070cd&color=white)

Commit message:

Nicer settings, added option to hide mechs, removed corpses from race-list Used DeepL to update translations for ChineseSimplified, French, German, Russian

README.md, after:

# [Select Adulthood](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2600514932)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/iCj5o7O.png)

Some races have life-stages above adulthood, like elderly or ancient. 
This causes issues when using the age-reversal for example as the vanilla logic is to assume that the last life-stage is adulthood.

This mod lets you select what stage is to be considered adulthood for each race if needed.

Due to the high amount of mechanoid races added since Biotech, there is a mod-option to hide these in the option-list.
	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Ds0rBAD.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my [Wishlist](https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie) or buy me a cup of tea.

[![Image](https://i.imgur.com/VWG0yff.png)](https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5xwDG6H.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using [HugsLib](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962) or the standalone [Uploader](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404) and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use [RimSort](https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest) to sort your mods

 

[![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/SelectAdulthood?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&labelColor=0070cd&color=white)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2600514932) | tags:  race,  adulthood
